Now also empties in buildings (#685)
DFHack/scripts: docs/fix/dry-buckets.rst

Sometimes, dwarves drop buckets of water on the ground if their water hauling
job is interrupted. These buckets then become unavailable for any other kind of
use, such as making lye. This tool finds those discarded buckets and removes the
water from them.

> This tool can also be used to remote water (muddy or not) that is blocking well operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool also fixes over-full buckets that are blocking well operations.
```
